stop being a slave to the refills stop
throwing hundreds of dollars away on
disposable notepad hi Jason Williams
here for the green line of reusable not
pad it's the fastest and easiest clean
you've ever seen with disposable mop
pads how many refills does it take to
clean up this mess and they're still
annoying dribbles pop the green glider
on your mark and go from a big mess to
clean up success and not a gripping
sight brilliant what a cleaner floor
than ever before grew wider grabs the
grime and locks it in this floor so
clean I'll eat my dinner off it yummy
the secrets are patented dual action
technology for the first time ever we
combine microfiber to clean and inside
four layers of chamois to absorb watch
how green glider sucks up spells for the
ultimate clean your floors will gleam
it's unbeatable on hardwood tile
linoleum laminates and any other hard
surface flooring with fully adjustable
straps green glider fits all the
best-selling mop systems and it even
fits your old sponge mop making it new
again remember it's the mop pad that
does the cleaning so with green glider
you can upgrade whatever mop you've
already got plus green glider is
washable and reusable over and over
again saving you money versus expensive
disposable refills over 1 billion
disposable pads have already been thrown
into our landfills and the disposable
twin with green glider I'm a mom and I
invented green fighter for everyone who
wants to save money and do something
better for our planet it's a top-quality
upgrade for your mop so stop being a
slave to the refills stop throwing
hundreds of dollars away on disposable
mop pads and get the ultimates three
free clean green glider is yours for
only 1295 you're not completely
satisfied get your money back to water
now